# JSON-Merge
Merging multiple json files

# Required Inputs:
1) Folder Path: The folder where all the JSON files are stored - (fp).
2)Input File Base Name: The common prefix all file names share - (ifn).
3)Output File Base Name: The prefix for the merged file name generated by the merge utility - (ofn).
4)Max File Size: The maximum file size (in bytes) that each merged file is allowed to be - (ms).

*The size should be given in bytes.

# CMD command for execution:
node app.js MergeFiles --fp="folderpath" --ifn="i/p file name" --ofn="output-file-name" --ms="maximum-size"

# sample input
data1.json contains -
{"strikers": [
{ "name": "Alexis Sanchez", "club": "Manchester United" },
{ "name": "Robin van Persie", "club": "Feyenoord" }
] }
data2.json contains -
{"strikers": [
{ "name": "Nicolas Pepe", "club": "Arsenal" }
] }
data3.json contains -
{"strikers": [
{ "name": "Gonzalo Higuain", "club": "Napoli" },
{ "name": "Sunil Chettri", "club": "Bengaluru FC" }
] }

Assume the JSON files are stored in a folder named "GowthamFiles"

Then the command should be:
node app.js MergeFiles --fp="GowthamFiles" --ifn="data" --ofn="output" --ms="300"

# Sample output:
output1.json
{"strikers":[{"name":"Alexis Sanchez","club":"Manchester United"},{"name":"Robin van Persie","club":"Feyenoord"},{"name":"Nicolas Pepe","club":"Arsenal"},{"name":"Gonzalo Higuain","club":"Napoli"},{"name":"Sunil Chettri","club":"Bengaluru FC","id":"2"}]}

# npm modules used
1. lodash
2. yargs
3. node-async-loop

# Time complexity analysis:
Assume:
n - number of files stored in the directory
m - maximum number of object a json file holds

The functionalities that contributes for time complexity
1)Sorting the files in the directory - O(nlog(n)).
2)Merging JSON files - O(mn) - this leads to total number of objects in the entire files.
So toatl complexity is O(nlog(N) + mn).
